[Style Guide] Content Strategy (#9846)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/content-strategy/documentation-content-strategy/content-types/how-to.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept
title: How to

---

# How to

## Purpose

The purpose of a how to is to explain how to complete a task within the product.

## Tone

instructional, straightforward

## content_type

how-to

## Structure

### Required components

[**Title**](/style-guide/content-strategy/documentation-content-strategy/component-attributes/titles/): Short verb phrase in second-person imperative. Do not use gerund phrases. 

[**Steps**](/style-guide/content-strategy/documentation-content-strategy/component-attributes/steps-tasks-procedures/): Numbered steps that complete a task.

[**Next steps**](/style-guide/content-strategy/documentation-content-strategy/component-attributes/next-steps/): What users should see as the end result of the steps and/or actionable next steps.

### Optional components

> [**Context**](/style-guide/content-strategy/documentation-content-strategy/component-attributes/context/): An introductory paragraph on the following steps and what they'll accomplish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Context**](/style-guide/content-strategy/documentation-content-strategy/component-attributes/context/): An introductory paragraph on the following steps and what they will accomplish.
```
